just as they've done before diablo in
the family have to deal with this threat
all the adults start to harass the
caiman as the cubs keep their distance
Saphir takes her position at the front
sizing up the caiman others move in to
try to distract it Diablo once again
moves in from behind and goes for the
tail
if the caiman refuses to back down and
then begins to fight back
[Applause]
[Music]
the cups panic and follow the adults
right into the middle of the fight
they're in extreme danger now so the
adult authors step up the assault
the caiman tries to head for the safety
of the bushes but it's too late he's
outnumbered the otters seize the moment
[Applause]
incredibly they overpower the caiman
some holding it down
others biting it in the head after
nearly an hour of brutal fighting it's
all over
[Applause]
the caiman may be dead but Charlie needs
to know if all the otters are okay it
doesn't take long to realize two of the
Cubs haven't survived the fight
stuck in the middle of the action like
this the young inexperienced Cubs were
no match for such a powerful and
aggressive predator
[Music]
the truce between otters and caiman has
for a brief moment been broken
[Music]
what impresses Charlie the most though
is the incredible show of family bonds
and physical strength the Otters brought
together to kill the caiman and
eliminate the threat of it from their
lake
you